readme.md, before:

# Introductory mental model study of concurrent programming (closed)

update: **For details of this project, please read the File `Ma's Master Thesis.pdf`**

This is the source code I finalized to run the experiment concerning the mental models when people try to read or understand the concurrent programs. The study is built and published online on [pavlovia.org](http://pavlovia.org) (currently closed already).

This code project was built by `PsychoPy` first, then uploaded to [pavlovia.org](http://pavlovia.org) to make it online. After uploading I slightly modified the javascript code `ver_6.js` to eliminate all the bugs. The `ver_6-legacy-browsers.js` was automatically generated when I uploaded the project, so nobody had actually used it.

The code I used to present to people was adapted from *Venkatesh Prasad Ranganath* and *John Hatcliff’s* work *Slicing Concurrent Java Programs using Indus and Kaveri*. It is a peer-reviewed code, so it is guaranteed to be glitch-less. The reason I adapted this short code was that we don't expect people to remember a huge program because I didn't want to show the code to the participants when they answer the questions.

Due to confidentiality issues, I didn't upload the `data` folder coming along with this study, since I have promised in the informed consent form that I only use the participants' email address for the gift card reward, but nothing else.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Update 1: Demo run video and stat analysis file

1. Uploaded `demo_run.mp4` to demonstrate how my experiment looks like when running on [pavlovia.org](http://pavlovia.org)
2. Uploaded the statistical code and the sample data requried for the statistical analysis

### About the Statistical analysis code

This is not the original code I used in my study. I have restructured the code so it looks better formatted.

Due to confidentiality reasons I cannot reveal the data, therefore, I created this dummy data file `data_file.csv` in the directory `R Analysis`.

Since the data file has been greatly shrinked in size, some statistical models (especially those linear mixed-effect models) may fail to work. However, these models are those I directly copied and pasted from my original R script, and they run smoothly without any error or warning.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Update 2: Final thesis uploaded

I have my thesis uploaded to this repo and my thesis defense is arranged on Feb.3. The comittee has already reviewed the thesis so I assume they are okay with this huge work.

Commit message:

Final Version of the Thesis updated

readme.md, after:

# Introductory mental model study of concurrent programming (closed)

update: **For details of this project, please read the File `Ma's Master Thesis.pdf`**

This is the source code I finalized to run the experiment concerning the mental models when people try to read or understand the concurrent programs. The study is built and published online on [pavlovia.org](http://pavlovia.org) (currently closed already).

This code project was built by `PsychoPy` first, then uploaded to [pavlovia.org](http://pavlovia.org) to make it online. After uploading I slightly modified the javascript code `ver_6.js` to eliminate all the bugs. The `ver_6-legacy-browsers.js` was automatically generated when I uploaded the project, so nobody had actually used it.

The code I used to present to people was adapted from *Venkatesh Prasad Ranganath* and *John Hatcliff’s* work *Slicing Concurrent Java Programs using Indus and Kaveri*. It is a peer-reviewed code, so it is guaranteed to be glitch-less. The reason I adapted this short code was that we don't expect people to remember a huge program because I didn't want to show the code to the participants when they answer the questions.

Due to confidentiality issues, I didn't upload the `data` folder coming along with this study, since I have promised in the informed consent form that I only use the participants' email address for the gift card reward, but nothing else.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Update 1: Demo run video and stat analysis file

1. Uploaded `demo_run.mp4` to demonstrate how my experiment looks like when running on [pavlovia.org](http://pavlovia.org)
2. Uploaded the statistical code and the sample data requried for the statistical analysis

### About the Statistical analysis code

This is not the original code I used in my study. I have restructured the code so it looks better formatted.

Due to confidentiality reasons I cannot reveal the data, therefore, I created this dummy data file `data_file.csv` in the directory `R Analysis`.

Since the data file has been greatly shrinked in size, some statistical models (especially those linear mixed-effect models) may fail to work. However, these models are those I directly copied and pasted from my original R script, and they run smoothly without any error or warning.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Update 2: Final thesis uploaded

I have my thesis uploaded to this repo and my thesis defense is arranged on Feb.3. The comittee has already reviewed the thesis, so I assume they are okay with this huge work.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Update 3: Thesis Finalized

Thanks again for clicking into this repository. I have successfully passed my Thesis Defense and the final thesis is done. The file `Ma's Master Thesis.pdf` has been submitted, and I have already applied for my graduation.

Thus, it marks the end of this project. No updates will be made. (probably)
